Question 1. Which form of NAT enables a firewall to selectively perform translations based on the destination address? Select one choice.
(A) static NAT
(B) dynamic PAT
(C) static PAT
(D) policy NAT -*
(E) dynamic NAT

Question 2. Which form of NAT uses port addresses to distinguish between translated sessions? Select one choice.
(A) static NAT
(B) policy NAT
(C) dynamic PAT -*
(D) dynamic NAT

Question 3. In an ACL, if a traffic flow is not explicitly permitted, once it has expired testing all the user-configured control entries in the list, the result will be:
(A) The traffic will be implicitly permitted.
(B) The traffic will be explicitly permitted.
(C) The traffic will be explicitly denied.
(D) The traffic will be implicitly denied. -*

Question 4. Which TCP flag must be set in a packet in order for the packet to match an ACL entry that contains the established keyword? Select one choice.
(A) SYN only
(B) ACK only
(C) RST only
(D) SYN or ACK
(E) ACK or RST -*

Question 5. Which one of the following best describes the limitations of local AAA databases? Select one choice.
(A) Usernames, passwords, and credentials must be synchronized with a TACACS+/RADIUS server.
(B) Scalability issues force network administrators to enter username credentials into each network device. -*
(C) While they support accounting, they do not meet the requirements for large persistent storage.
(D) Authorization policies that are created with local AAA databases cannot be synchronized and made available to all the devices across the network.

Question 6. What benefit does a web application firewall provide, in addition to the benefits provided by a traditional load balancer? Select one choice.
(A) Protects any Layer 7 applications from malware
(B) Protects web applications from common vulnerabilities and DDoS attacks -*
(C) Protects the back-end database by acting as a reverse proxy between the web server and the back-end database
(D) Protects the servers behind the WAF from attacks using Layer 3 and 4 firewall rules

Question 7. What are four common algorithms that typical load balancers use to load balance the traffic? (Choose four.)
(A) Round robin -*
(B) Fewest connections -*
(C) Least time -*
(D) Weighted early random detection
(E) Anomaly based
(F) Hash -*

Question 8. What three elements can be configured in firewall policies to detect network-based malware? (Choose three.)
(A) Commonly used protocols -*
(B) SHA-256 hashes -*
(C) Metadata stored that is within the files -*
(D) Commonly used rainbow hash tables
(E) Access control lists (ACLs)

Question 9. What is the first step in centralized syslog management? Select one choice.
(A) Receive syslog messages from syslog clients that are distributed across the network and store those messages in a flat log file. -*
(B) Present syslog data in the form of automated reports, dashboards, and real-time query responses.
(C) Move messages from the flat log file to a high-performance relational database.
(D) Process low-level data in the relational database to produce higher-level information constructs.

Question 10. What must a host on an Ethernet network know about a destination to send an Ethernet frame to that destination? Select one choice.
(A) Receiving port number
(B) IP address
(C) MAC address -*
(D) Window size

Question 11. On which OSI layer or layers does ARP operate? Select one choice.
(A) Between Layer 2 and Layer 3 -*
(B) At Layer 2
(C) At Layer 3
(D) Between Layer 1 and Layer 2

Question 12. ARP messages are sent using which Ethertype designation in the frame header? Select one choice.
(A) 0x2100
(B) 0x0800
(C) 0x8100
(D) 0x0806 -*

Question 13. Which two higher-level protocols rely on TCP/IP and are susceptible to attacks such as session hijacking? (Choose two.)
(A) ARP
(B) HTTP -*
(C) UDP
(D) Telnet -*
(E) ICMP

Question 15. Which type of IP attack features a simultaneous, coordinated attack from multiple source machines? Select one choice.
(A) Rogue DHCP attack
(B) DDoS attack -*
(C) MITM attack
(D) MAC address flooding attack

Question 16. What is the key to the success of an MITM attack? Select one choice.
(A) The hacked machine becomes overwhelmed with responses.
(B) TCP/IP bugs make it easy to crash older operating systems.
(C) The attacker waits until after a communication session is established. -*
(D) Packet flooding consumes resources.

Question 17. What information can an attacker use within ICMP to determine what type of OS the device is running? Select one choice.
(A) Total length
(B) TTL value -*
(C) Version
(D) Checksum

Question 18. Why is it important for security analysts to understand how ICMP works and what normal ICMP activity looks like? Select one choice.
(A) To determine when ICMP is broken
(B) To spot misuses of TCP discovery packets and rogue devices
(C) To spot Denial of Service attacks -*
(D) To spot ARP Poisoning attacks

Question 19. Regarding TCP attacks, which statement is true? Select one choice.
(A) A TCP reset attack is designed to disrupt the TCP 3-way handshake.
(B) A TCP reset attack terminates TCP communications between two hosts. -*
(C) A malicious attack is always indicated when the RST bit is set to 1 in a TCP packet header.
(D) In a TCP reset attack, the RST bit in the TCP packet header must be set to 1; settings for other fields in the TCP header are irrelevant.

Question 20. Which TCP flag is used to initiate a graceful termination of a TCP connection? Select one choice.
(A) RST
(B) FIN -*
(C) ACK
(D) SYN
(E) URG
(F) PSH

Question 21. Which application-layer protocol that uses UDP to manage and monitor devices on the network could be exploited if it is not secured on devices? Select one choice.
(A) TFTP
(B) SNMP -*
(C) HTTPS
(D) FTP
(E) SMTP

Question 22. Which two of the following might be considered attack surfaces in the network environment? (Choose two.)
(A) Open ports -*
(B) Privacy settings
(C) Use of SSH
(D) Use of Telnet -*

Question 23. Which type of common security threat can be solved by patching the operating system or hardware device? Select one choice.
(A) Phishing
(B) SQL injection
(C) Malware
(D) Known vulnerabilities -*

Question 24. Which three methods are used by an attacker while gathering network data? (Choose three.)
(A) Unplug network devices
(B) Packet sniffer -*
(C) Ping sweeps -*
(D) Port scans -*

Question 25. Which utility allows an attacker to scan the network in stealth mode? Select one choice.
(A) Wireshark
(B) whois
(C) Nmap -*
(D) Cain & Abel
(E) UDP Unicorn

Question 26. Which type of malware masquerades as a legitimate software, but is actually malicious when launched? Select one choice.
(A) Brute-force
(B) DoS
(C) Trojan -*
(D) Smurf

Question 27. The type of access attack that allows an attacker to take over a session or spoof a session is done using which technique? Select one choice.
(A) Brute-force
(B) Password attack
(C) Man-in-the-middle -*
(D) Malware insertion

Question 28. Which option best describes an MITM attack? Select one choice.
(A) Easily detected and not a threat
(B) A system that has the ability to view the communication between two systems and imposes itself in the communication path between those other systems -*
(C) A device that connects to a switch and issues an enormous amount of DHCP requests until the DHCP server runs out of IP addresses
(D) A device that issues an extremely large amount of SYN requests to a server, preventing all other devices from making a connection

Question 29. Which two techniques would an attacker apply so that a client sends packets to the wrong gateway? (Choose two.)
(A) Reflection
(B) ICMP redirect -*
(C) DNS spoofing
(D) ARP poisoning -*

Question 30. Which three types of traffic must a security analyst be aware of, because the traffic might be botnet CnC traffic? (Choose three.)
(A) P2P -*
(B) DNS -*
(C) SNMP
(D) RCMP
(E) IRC -*
(F) RTMP

Question 31. What do attackers use to launch an attack on a location without the attack coming directly from the attacker’s location? Select one choice.
(A) Spear phishing
(B) Malware that is controlled through CnC -*
(C) Direct SYN flood attack
(D) Ping of death

Question 32. Which TCP/IP application protocol can be used in an amplification attack by exploiting the protocol weakness in recursive lookup? Select one choice.
(A) HTTPS
(B) LDAP
(C) HTTP
(D) DNS -*
(E) SMTP

Question 33. Which type of attack forces a machine to respond to a SYN message by sending a packet to itself on the same port it received the SYN? Select one choice.
(A) Smurf
(B) Land attack -*
(C) Amplification attack
(D) Reflection attack

Question 34. A Layer 2 redirect or spoofing attack can be referred to as what type of attack? Select one choice.
(A) ARP attack -*
(B) DHCP attack
(C) NetBios attack
(D) SSID attack

Question 35. Which one of the following options is the illegitimate DHCP server that is referred to in the context of a DHCP server-based attack? Select one choice.
(A) A sitting duck server
(B) A rogue DHCP server -*
(C) A target server
(D) An erroneous server

Question 36. What is one way of mitigating DHCP attacks by using a Cisco switch? Select one choice.
(A) VLAN segmentation
(B) MAC address security
(C) DHCP snooping -*
(D) DHCP authentication"