Question 113. Which are reasonable approaches for designing a fast, scalable, programmable data plane? Select all that apply.
(A) Make software routers faster by amortizing packet-processing costs across batches of packets. -*
(B) Make software routers faster by reducing the need to copy packets from the kernel into user space. -*
(C) Make software routers faster by distributing software routers across clusters. -*
(D) Make hardware routers more programmable with custom OpenFlow chips. -*
(E) Send all traffic through software switches running in user space.

Question 114. What are functions that are commonly performed by a programmable data plane? Select all that apply.
(A) Computing routes
(B) Shaping traffic -*
(C) Forwarding -*
(D) Specifying access control policies
(E) Performing deep packet inspection -*

Question 115. Which of the following functions might be performed by a Click element? Select all that apply.
(A) Dropping packets -*
(B) Reading a packet from a network device -*
(C) Computing shortest paths routes between two routers
(D) Counting packets -*
(E) Classifying packets into different priority queues -*

Question 116. Which of the following are true about programmable data planes in Click? Select all that apply.
(A) Click configuration is a simplified version of Python.
(B) Click elements can be composed to perform complex functions, such as the forwarding at an IP router. -*
(C) Data-plane processing in Click is limited to a fixed set of elements provided by the software.
(D) Click elements can be composed to perform complex network-wide functions, such as shortest paths or BGP routing.
(E) Click elements cannot perform common data plane operations such as TTL decrement or checksum computations.

Question 117. Why does a RouteBricks server assign one core per queue?
(A) Cores have heterogeneous performance, and packets are different sizes, so it makes sense to assign less powerful cores to queues that have smaller packets.
(B) Having multiple cores accessing the same queue might create the possibility that there is a queue that is not served by any cores.
(C) Having multiple cores accessing the same queue would require each core to perform only one function in the packet processing pipeline, which is inefficient.
(D) Having multiple cores accessing the same queue would require locking to prevent concurrent memory accesses, slowing packet forwarding performance. -*

Question 118. What are some tricks commonly employed in software to accelerate packet forwarding? Select all that apply.
(A) Batch processing -*
(B) Large packet buffers that hold multiple packets that can be read with a single read -*
(C) Ethernet GRE tunnels -*
(D) Forwarding smaller packets before larger packets
(E) Avoiding lookups on the software bridge between virtual interfaces and physical interfaces -*

Question 119. What are some of the problems with current OpenFlow hardware that motivated a custom OpenFlow chip design? Select all that apply.
(A) Current hardware cannot forward traffic at line rates.
(B) Current hardware is difficult to repurpose in the field. -*
(C) Current hardware cannot support OpenFlow 1.0 match-action primitives.
(D) Current hardware makes it difficult to implement multiple match action stages, and to repurpose TCAM and SRAM across multiple match-action stages. -*
(E) The current OpenFlow protocol depends on the constraints of conventional switching chips. -*

Question 120. Which of the following are motivations for SwitchBlade, which supports composition of pre-synthesized hardware data plane modules on an FPGA? Select all that apply.
(A) Programming in C is difficult.
(B) Most data plane protocols involve composing only a limited number of data-plane actions. -*
(C) FPGAs are lower-cost and consume less power than conventional ASICs or OpenFlow switching chips.
(D) Experimental data planes may need to operate in parallel with production data planes. -*
(E) Programming in Verilog is difficult. -*

