Question 78. What are some of the desired features in future SDN switches that motivate a programmable data plane? Select all that apply.
(A) Reducing energy consumption for custom packet processing.
(B) Flexible match-action tables, such as the ability to compose multiple match-action tables in sequence or in parallel. -*
(C) A wider range of packet processing primitives. -*
(D) A configurable packet parser that is not tied to a specific header format. -*
(E) Processing packets at higher rates.

Question 79. Which of the following best describes protocol independence?
(A) The ability to run a switch independently from the controller.
(B) The ability to run a network with both legacy OpenFlow switches and switches that support custom packet processing.
(C) The ability to configure a packet parser in hardware that is agnostic to (and not constrained by) the control protocol. -*
(D) The ability to evolve an existing control protocol without breaking interoperability.
(E) The ability to support multiple protocols running in parallel on the same hardware.

Question 81. Which of the following describe functions of the P4 parser? Select all that apply.
(A) Constructing a graph of dependencies between different logical tables.
(B) Translating a packet processing specification to a state machine. -*
(C) Mapping logical tables to underlying switch resources.
(D) Translating rules to physical tables.
(E) Verifying that the description of packet parsing is consistent with the behavior of an existing hardware switch (e.g., a legacy OpenFlow switch). -*

Question 82. Which of the following best describe the relationship between a language like P4, an assembler like NetASM, and target programmable hardware (e.g., RMT)?
(A) A language like NetASM would "compile" to an assembly language like P4, which would then specify a one-to-one relationship with resources on the target forwarding hardware.
(B) A language like P4 would "compile" to an assembly language like NetASM, which would then specify a one-to-one relationship with resources on the target forwarding hardware. -*
(C) P4 is much more amenable to "cost semantics" (i.e., figuring out how much a particular operation would cost in terms of power or area) than NetASM.
NetASM and P4 are two examples of high-level programming languages; they are interchangeable.
(D) P4 has verifiable semantics, whereas NetASM does not.

Question 83. Which of the folloiwing instruction types create state elements in NetASM? Select all that apply.
(A) MKR -*
(B) LBL
(C) DRP
(D) JMP
(E) MKT -*

Question 84. Which of the following are true about locally contained applications? Select all that apply.
(A) Locally contained applications forward packets more slowly than their stateless counterparts.
(B) Locally contained applications allow the hardware pipeline to make switch-local state modifications. -*
(C) Locally contained applications can be implemented with regular OpenFlow instructions.
(D) A locally contained application can implement SDN logic without ever requiring a packet to be sent to the controller. -*
(E) A MAC learning switch can be implemented as a locally contained application. -*

Question 86. What are some examples of optimizations that a compiler could perform on NetASM instructions? Select all that apply.
(A) Preventing bufferbloat for real-time application traffic.
(B) Reordering instructions so that subsequent tables need not be as large (e.g., not storing state for unmatched packets). -*
(C) Forwarding packets for high-volume flows at higher rates.
(D) Only instantiating hardware resources (e.g., table entries) for flows that actually have nonzero traffic volume. -*
(E) Composing or decomposing tables to save either on table size or table width. -*

