Question 106. Which of the following are true about configuration verification? Select all that apply.
(A) Configuration verification requires a large-scale simulation of network protocols, complete with tests for different message orderings and timings.
(B) Configuration verification cannot detect incorrect protocol behavior that may result from faulty hardware. -*
(C) Configuration verification cannot detect incorrect protocol behavior that may result from buggy software. -*
(D) Verifying the correctness of network behavior based on configuration requires a model of protocol behavior. -*
(E) Configuration verification can only detect errors after the configuration is installed on production routers.

Question 107. Which of the following assertions could be verified with configuration verification (i.e., of a snapshot of router and switch configuration)? Select all that apply.
(A) There is no traffic pattern that would ever result in a stateful firewall dropping traffic.
(B) A route learned from one peer will not be readvertised to another peer. -*
(C) Any time that an infection occurs, hosts are automatically quarantined.
(D) The current settings of link weights will result in all routers being connected. -*
(E) The configuration of route reflectors and clients ensures that any route learned from a neighboring AS will propagate to all routers in the topology. -*

Question 108. Which of the following are true about data-plane verification? Select all that apply.
(A) Data-plane verification may detect errors that configuration analysis can miss in the cases of buggy control-plane software. -*
(B) Data plane verification can only operate on the forwarding table of a single router or switch; network-wide analysis is not possible.
(C) Data-plane verification requires accurate modeling of network protocols, including which bits are present in which part of the packet header.
(D) Data-plane verification techniques such as header-space analysis typically operate on a single "snapshot" of data-plane state. -*
(E) Header-space analysis can only provide verification/analysis for specific packets; it cannot answer questions for general parts of flowspace.

Question 109. Which of the following assertions could be verified with data plane verification? Select all that apply.
(A) The rules installed on the firewalls in the network ensure that only port 80 traffic can ever reach the web server from the rest of the Internet. -*
(B) The configuration of the network's routing protocols will result in persistent oscillation (i.e., they will never settle on a stable set of routes).
(C) The network will remain connected, given the failure of at most two links.
(D) Two virtual network "slices" are not completely isolated: it is possible for traffic to travel from one slice to the other. -*
(E) The forwarding table state in the routers across the network will result in a forwarding loop. -*

Question 110. Which of the following is true about Kinetic policies? Select all that apply.
(A) Kinetic's NuSMV verifier can verify that the data plane will never have loops.
(B) The Kinetic controller can only process external events from routers and switches.
(C) Pyretic's composition operators can help prevent state explosion. -*
(D) State transitions can occur based on timing (e.g., a timeout). -*
(E) State transitions can be exogenous or endogenous. -*

Question 112. Which of the following NuSMV expressions encodes the statement "It is always possible for the policy state to go to 'allow'."
(A) SPEC AG (EF policy=allow) -*
(B) SPEC AG (authenticated -> AX policy=allow)
(C) SPEC AG (!authenticated -> AX policy=allow)
(D) None of the above.
(E) SPEC A [ policy=allow U authenticated ]

