Question 1. Which of the following are true about Classless Interdomain Routing (CIDR)? Select all that apply.
(A) The only sizes for an IP address allocation before CIDR were 8, 16, or 24 bits.
(B) The prefix length for a CIDR prefix can be anywhere in the range from 0 to 32 bits. -*
(C) CIDR slowed the rate of Internet routing table growth because prefixes no longer had to be allocated in fixed-size blocks. -*
(D) In an Internet forwarding table with CIDR, there can only be one unique matching entry for any given IP address.

Question 2. Which of the following are true about how DNS lookups work? Select all that apply.
(A) All DNS PTR records are maintained by a single organization in-addr.arpa.
(B) A DNS A-record query for google.com will only return a single IP address at a time.
(C) An MX-record query for a DNS lookup will return the IP address of the mail server for that domain.
(D) If your local DNS resolver caches an NS record for google.com for multiple days, all clients who use that DNS resolver will continue using the same IP address to reach Google’s Web server until that NS record expires.
(E) An NS-record query for a DNS lookup will return the name(s) of the authoritative name server(s) for that domain. -*

Question 3. Which of the following are true about traffic control with BGP? Select all that apply.
(A) A network operator can use BGP AS path prepending to control outbound traffic from his or her AS to a destination.
(B) A network operator can use the BGP local preference attribute to control inbound traffic from his or her AS to a destination.
(C) A network operator can use BGP AS path prepending to control inbound traffic from his or her AS to a destination. -*
(D) A network operator can use the BGP local preference attribute to control outbound traffic from his or her AS to a destination. -*

Question 4. Which of the following are true about layering? Select all that apply.
(A) The transport layer uses port numbers. -*
(B) The destination address in the link layer header is always the address of the next layer-3 node along an end-to-end IP path.
(C) The network layer guarantees reliable, in-order delivery of packets.
(D) The network layer has only a single protocol in widespread use today, representing what we call the “narrow waist”. -*

Question 5. Which of the following are not true about packet switching? Select all that apply.
(A) A user of a packet switched network might occasionally get a “busy signal” if there are too many users on the network. -*
(B) Traffic running over a packet-switched network between two endpoints will always experience predictable latency. -*
(C) Once a connection is established between two endpoints in a packet switched network, the end-to-end route cannot change, or the connection must be re-established. -*
(D) Traffic running over a packet-switched network between two endpoints will never be dropped by intermediate nodes along the path. -*

Question 6. Which of the following are true about content distribution networks? Select all that apply.
(A) Content distribution networks can reduce transit expenses for a content provider by enabling much of the provider’s content to be served from a nearby network, sometimes even from a cache that is within the client’s own network. -*
(B) Real-time content such as video streams cannot be distributed from a content distribution network.
(C) Content distribution networks can improve the performance that a client sees by reducing the network latency between the client and the content that it is downloading. -*
(D) Content distribution networks typically redirect Web clients to a nearby Web cache by rewriting the IP address of packets sent from the client to the IP address of the nearby Web cache.

Question 7. Which of the following are true about 802.11 wireless medium access control? Select all that apply.
(A) Disabling RTS/CTS necessarily lowers the effective throughput of the wireless network, since more collisions will occur at the receiver without RTS/CTS enabled.
(B) Using RTS/CTS (“request to send”, “clear to send”) control reduces the overall achievable throughput of the wireless network. -*
(C) A wireless sender can avoid causing a collision at the receiver by performing a “carrier sense” to determine whether any other sender wants to transmit at the time that it wishes to send a packet.
(D) Only wireless networks can have collisions at the receiver; such collisions are not possible on wired Ethernet networks.

Question 8. Which of the following are true about video streaming? Select all that apply.
(A) Since UDP provides no reliable delivery guarantees, a video streaming application that uses UDP as its transport cannot recover from any packet loss in the video stream.
(B) Using TCP for video streaming could result in larger delays between transmission and playout than streaming the same video with UDP. -*
(C) A larger playout buffer at the client allows the client more time to recover from lost packets. -*
(D) Using UDP to stream a video instead of TCP is appropriate if the client is more concerned about low delay and interactivity than it does about receiving a high-quality stream. -*

Question 9. Which of the following are true about TCP? Select all that apply.
(A) A TCP sender controls its sending rate by adjusting the number of unacknowledged packets that can be sent over the network at any time. -*
(B) TCP’s congestion avoidance algorithm causes the sender to reduce its sending rate by a factor of two when it sees a packet loss. -*
(C) A TCP sender and receiver use a “three-way handshake” both to set up and to terminate the TCP connection.
(D) TCP guarantees that the receiver sees the same in-order stream of bytes that the sender transmitted. -*

Question 10. Which of the following are true about denial of service attacks (and defenses)? Select all that apply.
(A) In a “SYN Flood” attack, each TCP SYN packet that a victim receives causes it to set up TCP connection state. -*
(B) A “DNS Reflection” attack requires the attacking client to “spoof” the source IP address of the packet containing the DNS request. -*
(C) If every network on the Internet performed stateless ingress filtering to defend against source IP spoofing, the DNS reflection attack would not work.
(D) If every network on the Internet performed stateless egress filtering to defend against source IP address spoofing, the DNS reflection attack could not be carried out. -*

