Question 62. Which of the following are true of “network slicing”? Select all that apply.
(A) A controller can prevent one network slice from interfering with the resources of another.
(B) Network operators can use slicing to test configurations on “shadow” networks that mirror a production network topology. -*
(C) Conventional (i.e., non-SDN) networks have no concept of network virtualization or slicing.
(D) One way to slice networks is according to “flow space”, whereby different controllers might control distinct and non-overlapping traffic flows. -*
(E) Multi-tenant datacenters are one use case for network slicing. -*

Question 63. Which of the following are true about flow spaces? Select all that apply.
(A) Flow spaces can only be defined according to combinations of packet header fields.
(B) Two controllers that write data-plane rules for non-overlapping parts of flowspace can never cause traffic from one “slice” to enter the other slice.
(C) Two flow spaces cannot overlap.
(D) Flowspace isolation separates individual virtual networks from one another but incurs some performance penalty for doing so.
(E) One host could send traffic that ends up in two different flow spaces. -*

Question 64. Which of the following describe the control-plane checks that FlowVisor implements? Select all that apply.
(A) When a packet must be forwarded to a controller, Flowvisor forwards traffic to the correct controller based on which controller “owns” the flowspace corresponding to that packet. -*
(B) Flowvisor can only instantiate network slices based on the network topology, not based on other properties, such as application traffic.
(C) Flowvisor prevents a controller from writing data-plane rules to a part of flowspace that it does not own. -*
(D) Flowvisor installs traffic shaping and quality of service rules to ensure that each network slice has guaranteed resources.
(E) Flowvisor prevents each slice's controller from being the target of a denial of service attack from other slices.

Question 65. Which of the following are applications in a home network that network slicing could enable? Select all that apply.
(A) Smart grid applications -*
(B) Guest WiFi access -*
(C) Load balance of inbound traffic
(D) Traceback of attack traffic to its source
(E) Quality of service for certain applications (e.g., video streaming) -*

Question 69. What are examples of multi-tenant datacenter applications? Select all that apply.
(A) A retailer running a large, multi-site enterprise network across its global network of sites
(B) Google running Gmail and search from a common facility -*
(C) Two enterprises hosting data in a shared facility. -*
(D) A home network owner running a private and public WiFi network
(E) Amazon hosting EC2 instances for customers -*

Question 70. What best describes the relationship between network virtualization and SDN? Select all that apply.
(A) Network virtualization requires SDN
(B) Network virtualization enables SDN
(C) SDN makes some aspects of network virtualization easier to manage -*
(D) SDN predates network virtualization
(E) SDN controllers can help manage storage and data facilities, in addition to network configuration -*

Question 71. Which of the following are true about NVP? Select all that apply.
(A) Exact matches for policies in NVP must always be performed in user space on the host.
(B) NVP allows tenants to configure logical datapaths on their own virtual hosts. -*
(C) In NVP, most of the “intelligence” for datapath processing lies in virtual hosts, not in switches. -*
(D) NVP relies on switches with custom hardware.
(E) NVP allows tenants to configure switches in the middle of the network for portions of flowspace that they own.

