Question 72. In NFV, which of the following is the function of steering?
(A) Finding the best location to place a single network function in an enterprise or wide area network.
(B) Installing custom packet processing code on servers in the network.
(C) Installing flow table entries in switches to forward traffic through network functions or middleboxes that are installed in the network -*
(D) Installing custom packet processing code on switches in the network.
(E) Placing middleboxes at places throughout the network to minimize network load.

Question 74. What are some advantages of Docker containers over virtual machines? Select all that apply.
(A) Containers provide better isolation than virtual machines.
(B) Performance in containers may be better since they invoke OS system calls directly, rather than through an emulated machine. -*
(C) Containers can be connected to build a virtual network, whereas virtual machines cannot.
(D) Containers require less storage and memory per-instance, and require less time to instantiate than virtual machines. -*
(E) Containers provide more flexibility in the choice of operating system.

Question 75. Which of the following commands is used to instantiate a new Docker container by invoking a command in that container?
(A) docker commit
(B) docker attach
(C) docker pull
(D) docker stop
(E) docker run -*

Question 76. Which of the following is true about networking Docker containers? Select all that apply.
(A) Connecting Docker containers requires setting up GRE tunnels between the containers.
(B) Docker containers are not reachable from the external Internet by default. -*
(C) Docker containers running in different virtual machines cannot be networked together.
(D) A Docker container can never expose a low port (e.g., port 80) to the external Internet; Internet hosts must always reach a Docker service by a high port (e.g., 8080).
(E) Docker containers can be networked to each other via the native Docker bridge or Open vSwitch. -*

