Question 1. Which form of NAT enables a firewall to selectively perform translations based on the destination address? Select one choice.
(A) dynamic PAT
(B) dynamic NAT
(C) policy NAT -*
(D) static PAT
(E) static NAT

Question 2. Which form of NAT uses port addresses to distinguish between translated sessions? Select one choice.
(A) dynamic PAT -*
(B) dynamic NAT
(C) static NAT
(D) policy NAT

Question 3. In an ACL, if a traffic flow is not explicitly permitted, once it has expired testing all the user-configured control entries in the list, the result will be:
(A) The traffic will be implicitly denied. -*
(B) The traffic will be implicitly permitted.
(C) The traffic will be explicitly denied.
(D) The traffic will be explicitly permitted.

Question 4. Which TCP flag must be set in a packet in order for the packet to match an ACL entry that contains the established keyword? Select one choice.
(A) SYN or ACK
(B) ACK or RST -*
(C) ACK only
(D) SYN only
(E) RST only

Question 5. Which one of the following best describes the limitations of local AAA databases? Select one choice.
(A) Scalability issues force network administrators to enter username credentials into each network device. -*
(B) Usernames, passwords, and credentials must be synchronized with a TACACS+/RADIUS server.
(C) Authorization policies that are created with local AAA databases cannot be synchronized and made available to all the devices across the network.
(D) While they support accounting, they do not meet the requirements for large persistent storage.

Question 6. What benefit does a web application firewall provide, in addition to the benefits provided by a traditional load balancer? Select one choice.
(A) Protects the servers behind the WAF from attacks using Layer 3 and 4 firewall rules
(B) Protects web applications from common vulnerabilities and DDoS attacks -*
(C) Protects any Layer 7 applications from malware
(D) Protects the back-end database by acting as a reverse proxy between the web server and the back-end database

Question 7. What are four common algorithms that typical load balancers use to load balance the traffic? (Choose four.)
(A) Weighted early random detection
(B) Hash -*
(C) Round robin -*
(D) Anomaly based
(E) Least time -*
(F) Fewest connections -*

Question 8. What three elements can be configured in firewall policies to detect network-based malware? (Choose three.)
(A) Metadata stored that is within the files -*
(B) Access control lists (ACLs)
(C) Commonly used protocols -*
(D) SHA-256 hashes -*
(E) Commonly used rainbow hash tables

Question 9. What is the first step in centralized syslog management? Select one choice.
(A) Receive syslog messages from syslog clients that are distributed across the network and store those messages in a flat log file. -*
(B) Present syslog data in the form of automated reports, dashboards, and real-time query responses.
(C) Process low-level data in the relational database to produce higher-level information constructs.
(D) Move messages from the flat log file to a high-performance relational database.

Question 10. What must a host on an Ethernet network know about a destination to send an Ethernet frame to that destination? Select one choice.
(A) IP address
(B) Window size
(C) MAC address -*
(D) Receiving port number

Question 11. On which OSI layer or layers does ARP operate? Select one choice.
(A) Between Layer 2 and Layer 3 -*
(B) At Layer 3
(C) At Layer 2
(D) Between Layer 1 and Layer 2

Question 12. ARP messages are sent using which Ethertype designation in the frame header? Select one choice.
(A) 0x0800
(B) 0x8100
(C) 0x2100
(D) 0x0806 -*

Question 13. Which two higher-level protocols rely on TCP/IP and are susceptible to attacks such as session hijacking? (Choose two.)
(A) UDP
(B) Telnet -*
(C) HTTP -*
(D) ICMP
(E) ARP

Question 15. Which type of IP attack features a simultaneous, coordinated attack from multiple source machines? Select one choice.
(A) Rogue DHCP attack
(B) MAC address flooding attack
(C) MITM attack
(D) DDoS attack -*

Question 16. What is the key to the success of an MITM attack? Select one choice.
(A) The attacker waits until after a communication session is established. -*
(B) The hacked machine becomes overwhelmed with responses.
(C) TCP/IP bugs make it easy to crash older operating systems.
(D) Packet flooding consumes resources.

Question 17. What information can an attacker use within ICMP to determine what type of OS the device is running? Select one choice.
(A) TTL value -*
(B) Total length
(C) Version
(D) Checksum

Question 18. Why is it important for security analysts to understand how ICMP works and what normal ICMP activity looks like? Select one choice.
(A) To determine when ICMP is broken
(B) To spot ARP Poisoning attacks
(C) To spot misuses of TCP discovery packets and rogue devices
(D) To spot Denial of Service attacks -*

Question 19. Regarding TCP attacks, which statement is true? Select one choice.
(A) A TCP reset attack terminates TCP communications between two hosts. -*
(B) A malicious attack is always indicated when the RST bit is set to 1 in a TCP packet header.
(C) A TCP reset attack is designed to disrupt the TCP 3-way handshake.
(D) In a TCP reset attack, the RST bit in the TCP packet header must be set to 1; settings for other fields in the TCP header are irrelevant.

Question 20. Which TCP flag is used to initiate a graceful termination of a TCP connection? Select one choice.
(A) SYN
(B) RST
(C) ACK
(D) PSH
(E) URG
(F) FIN -*

Question 21. Which application-layer protocol that uses UDP to manage and monitor devices on the network could be exploited if it is not secured on devices? Select one choice.
(A) HTTPS
(B) FTP
(C) SNMP -*
(D) TFTP
(E) SMTP

Question 22. Which two of the following might be considered attack surfaces in the network environment? (Choose two.)
(A) Privacy settings
(B) Use of SSH
(C) Open ports -*
(D) Use of Telnet -*

Question 23. Which type of common security threat can be solved by patching the operating system or hardware device? Select one choice.
(A) Phishing
(B) SQL injection
(C) Malware
(D) Known vulnerabilities -*

Question 24. Which three methods are used by an attacker while gathering network data? (Choose three.)
(A) Packet sniffer -*
(B) Unplug network devices
(C) Port scans -*
(D) Ping sweeps -*

Question 25. Which utility allows an attacker to scan the network in stealth mode? Select one choice.
(A) Nmap -*
(B) Wireshark
(C) Cain & Abel
(D) UDP Unicorn
(E) whois

Question 26. Which type of malware masquerades as a legitimate software, but is actually malicious when launched? Select one choice.
(A) Brute-force
(B) Smurf
(C) DoS
(D) Trojan -*

Question 27. The type of access attack that allows an attacker to take over a session or spoof a session is done using which technique? Select one choice.
(A) Brute-force
(B) Password attack
(C) Malware insertion
(D) Man-in-the-middle -*

Question 28. Which option best describes an MITM attack? Select one choice.
(A) Easily detected and not a threat
(B) A system that has the ability to view the communication between two systems and imposes itself in the communication path between those other systems -*
(C) A device that issues an extremely large amount of SYN requests to a server, preventing all other devices from making a connection
(D) A device that connects to a switch and issues an enormous amount of DHCP requests until the DHCP server runs out of IP addresses

Question 29. Which two techniques would an attacker apply so that a client sends packets to the wrong gateway? (Choose two.)
(A) Reflection
(B) DNS spoofing
(C) ICMP redirect -*
(D) ARP poisoning -*

Question 30. Which three types of traffic must a security analyst be aware of, because the traffic might be botnet CnC traffic? (Choose three.)
(A) RCMP
(B) P2P -*
(C) SNMP
(D) RTMP
(E) IRC -*
(F) DNS -*

Question 31. What do attackers use to launch an attack on a location without the attack coming directly from the attacker’s location? Select one choice.
(A) Malware that is controlled through CnC -*
(B) Ping of death
(C) Direct SYN flood attack
(D) Spear phishing

Question 32. Which TCP/IP application protocol can be used in an amplification attack by exploiting the protocol weakness in recursive lookup? Select one choice.
(A) SMTP
(B) HTTP
(C) HTTPS
(D) LDAP
(E) DNS -*

Question 33. Which type of attack forces a machine to respond to a SYN message by sending a packet to itself on the same port it received the SYN? Select one choice.
(A) Reflection attack
(B) Smurf
(C) Amplification attack
(D) Land attack -*

Question 34. A Layer 2 redirect or spoofing attack can be referred to as what type of attack? Select one choice.
(A) SSID attack
(B) DHCP attack
(C) ARP attack -*
(D) NetBios attack

Question 35. Which one of the following options is the illegitimate DHCP server that is referred to in the context of a DHCP server-based attack? Select one choice.
(A) A sitting duck server
(B) An erroneous server
(C) A rogue DHCP server -*
(D) A target server

Question 36. What is one way of mitigating DHCP attacks by using a Cisco switch? Select one choice.
(A) MAC address security
(B) DHCP snooping -*
(C) VLAN segmentation
(D) DHCP authentication"

