Question 54. Which of the following properties are characteristics of virtual networks (but not necessarily characteristics of SDN). Select all that apply.
(A) Separates the data and control plane.
(B) Refactors network control so that network behavior is controlled from a single logically centralized controller.
(C) Separates logical and physical networks. -*
(D) Often deployed in data center networks to allow multiple tenants to share physical network infrastructure. -*
(E) Abstracts the details of the physical network. -*

Question 55. Which of the following are possible ways of creating virtual links in a virtual network? Select all that apply.
(A) A wide-area tunnel, whereby an IP packet is encapsulated in an MPLS tunnel by attaching an MPLS header to the packet. -*
(B) Longest-prefix match forwarding on an IP router.
(C) A wide-area tunnel, whereby an Ethernet packet sent between two virtual machines is encapsulated in an IP packet. -*
(D) VLAN switching based on a VLAN tag. -*
(E) Pairs of virtual Ethernet interfaces, where one end of the Ethernet interface pair resides in the virtual environment, and the other resides in the root namespace on the host machine. -*

Question 56. Which of the following are true of the Mininet network emulator? Select all that apply.
(A) It requires running OpenFlow-capable switches.
(B) It is difficult to use it to route traffic for real services. -*
(C) Mininet only allows users to create three types of topologies: linear, tree, and single-switch topologies.
(D) It can create an emulation that runs across multiple physically distributed nodes.
(E) All of the hosts in the topology must run the same underlying operating system. -*

Question 57. What are the benefits of emulation as opposed to, say, simulation? Select all that apply.
(A) An emulation will complete faster than a simulation.
(B) An emulator makes it possible to "port" experiments from one machine to another. -*
(C) An emulator allows the experimenter run real software on each of the nodes in the emulation. -*
(D) An emulation is easier to debug than a simulation.
(E) Every run of the emulator will yield exactly the same results, resulting in reproducible experiments.

Question 58. Which of the following are possible in Mininet? Select all that apply.
(A) Measuring the latency between a host in San Francisco and a host in Los Angeles.
(B) Assigning custom IP addresses to each node in the topology. -*
(C) Assigning IP addresses to each node in the topology using a DHCP server. -*
(D) Running performance measurement tools (e.g., iperf, wget) between nodes. -*
(E) "Shaping" a link between two nodes to a particular traffic rate. -*

Question 59. Which of the following functions does FlowVisor enable? Select all that apply.
(A) Allowing two different researchers to implement and deploy different load balancing applications for all traffic between the same source-destination pair.
(B) Allowing two controllers to control traffic on distinct VLANs. -*
(C) Allowing two different researchers to implement and deploy different Web load balancing applications for port 80 traffic.
(D) Allowing two different researchers to implement and deploy control mechanisms for two distinct applications. -*
(E) Allowing one controller to control TCP traffic and one controller to control UDP traffic. -*

Question 60. Which of the following are stated applications of the Nicira Network Virtualization Platform? Select all that apply.
(A) Easier transition to IPv6 in data-center networks.
(B) Creating more than 1024 virtual networks, as opposed to the alternative of using VLAN tags. -*
(C) Allowing experimental protocols to coincide with a production network.
(D) Central management of security policies. -*
(E) Dynamic workload placement in multi-tenant data centers. -*

Question 61. Select the statement that is most true about the relationship between network virtualization and SDNs.
(A) Network virtualization is a potential enabler for software-defined networks, since the separation of data and control planes first requires the creation of a logical network.
(B) Software-defined networking is a potential enabler for virtual networks, since separation of data and control planes makes it easier to manage a logical network topology. -*
(C) Network virtualization is a new concept introduced by Amazon, Nicira, and industry players; it only made sense to talk about network virtualization once central SDN controllers existed.
(D) Network virtualization and software-defined networking each enable the other: SDN cannot exist without network virtualization, and network virtualization cannot exist without SDN.